Fix readmes and move roles to employeeData (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/getting-started-with-devextreme-tabpanel: README.md

# getting-started-with-tab-panel

> This repository stores the source code for the [Getting Started with TabPanel](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/Form/Getting_Started_with_TabPanel/) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository stores the source code for the [Getting Started with TabPanel](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TabPanel/Getting_Started_with_TabPanel/) tutorial.
```
